[MUSIC]
>> Kent: I mention that we want to be able
to distinguish between production and
development in our configuration here
when we're generating our configuration.
And that's why we're using a function
rather than an object is because
we can actually accept a parameter here,
we're gonna call it env.
And in our package.json,
we can set, in these scripts,
we can set that env object to have a
couple properties, so we'll say env.prod.
And with the way that webpack
is using a package called yargs,
which has a pirate logo
which is kind of fun, yargs.
But yeah, by doing this with yargs,
it will take that env object and
create a property on it called prod,
which is set to true.
And so alternatively,
we can say env.dev for
our dev server and
env.dev for our dev build.
And so then, inside of our webpack config,
we can say env.prod,
and we'll just do a ternary operator here.
Oops.
>> Kent: So there's a way to clean this
up so it looks a little bit nicer if
you're afraid of ternaries, like I am.
But yeah, that's basically, that's the
process to distinguish between the two.
So I'll let you go ahead and
implement that and
you can check out your source
maps in dev and prod yourself.
>> Kent: Any questions or anything,
feel free to ask.
>> Speaker 2: There was a couple of just,
they talked about it in chat.
But do you recommend to
start using webpack 2 now on
production?
>> Kent: So
webpack 2 is, yeah,
it's technically in beta.
I would say that it's
totally safe to use now.
There are a couple of bugs and
lots of the hesitancy to
officially release it is cuz
the docs aren't at all ready.
But at the same time, webpack 2 and
webpack 1 are really similar.
So far, what we're looking at here,
the only difference is that this is
a function that returns a webpack config.
And I'm pretty sure they're gonna
backport that to webpack 1 anyway.
But yeah, everything else that we're
looking at right here works with both
webpack 1 and 2.
So there's not a whole
lot far as API changes.
And as far as functionality,
I haven't had any trouble, so.